README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Lanrayy</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software Engineer 👨🏿‍💻 | Graphic Designer ✍🏿</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a [grade calculator](https://lanrayy.github.io/grade-calculator/).

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python and Javascript**

- 💬 Ask me about **[Food Labelling App](https://food-label-website.vercel.app)**
- 💬 Ask me about **[Grade Calculator App](https://lanrayy.github.io/grade-calculator/)**
- 💬 Ask me about **[Simple Price Grid](https://lanrayy.github.io/single-price-grid-component-master/)**


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=Lanrayy&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Lanrayy" /></p>



<p>&nbsp;<img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Lanrayy&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="Lanrayy" /></p>

Commit message:

Added the pig game version 1 & 2 to project list

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Lanrayy</h1>
<h3 align="center">Software Engineer 👨🏿‍💻 | Graphic Designer ✍🏿</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on a [grade calculator](https://lanrayy.github.io/grade-calculator/).

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Python and Javascript**


Some of my projects
- 💬 Ask me about **[Food Labelling App](https://food-label-website.vercel.app)**
- 💬 Ask me about **[Grade Calculator App](https://lanrayy.github.io/grade-calculator/)**
- 💬 Ask me about **[Simple Price Grid](https://lanrayy.github.io/single-price-grid-component-master/)**
- 💬 Ask me about **[The Pig Game Version 1](https://the-pig-game.vercel.app)
- 💬 Ask me about **[The Pig Game Version 2](https://lanrayy.github.io/the-pig-game-v2/)
- 


<h3 align="left">Languages and Tools:</h3>
<p align="left"> <a href="https://www.cprogramming.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://git-scm.com/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.w3.org/html/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.adobe.com/in/products/illustrator.html" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/adobe_illustrator/adobe_illustrator-icon.svg" alt="illustrator" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.java.com" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" alt="java" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.linux.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.photoshop.com/en" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/photoshop/photoshop-line.svg" alt="photoshop" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.python.org" target="_blank"> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> </a> <a href="https://www.sqlite.org/" target="_blank"> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/sqlite/sqlite-icon.svg" alt="sqlite" width="40" height="40"/> </a> </p>

<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=Lanrayy&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Lanrayy" /></p>



<p>&nbsp;<img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Lanrayy&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="Lanrayy" /></p>
